# # ProblemDetails

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **string** | A URI reference [RFC3986] that identifies the problem type. This specification encourages that, when dereferenced, it provide human-readable documentation for the problem type (e.g., using HTML [W3C.REC-html5-20141028]). When this member is not present, its value is assumed to be \&quot;about:blank\&quot;. | [optional]
**title** | **string** | A short, human-readable summary of the problem type. It SHOULD NOT change from occurrence to occurrence of the problem, except for purposes of localization (e.g., using proactive content negotiation; see [RFC7231], Section 3.4). | [optional]
**status** | **string** | The HTTP status code ([RFC7231], Section 6) generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem. | [optional]
**detail** | **string** | A human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem. | [optional]
**instance** | **string** | A URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem. It may or may not yield further information if dereferenced. | [optional]
**traceId** | **string** | A request ID that can be provided to Blackbaud Support that may help with further troubleshooting. | [optional]
**spanId** | **string** | A request ID that can be provided to Blackbaud Support that may help with further troubleshooting. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
